[MUSIC]
>> Kent C. Dodds: I want you to
create a code of conduct, a license,
and a readme in this project.
So, we'll just kinda do that together and
I'll show you how I find the stuff for
these files.
We'll start out actually with the readme,
so if you create a new file Readme.md.
Dot md stands for mark down and
mark down is pretty much the standard
format for readme files.
Or pretty much any documentation
files on GitHub especially.
So here if you use this hash
it's gonna say this is h1 and
normally you would put the name of
the library so we'll put starwars-names.
And then here you can put a description.
When we check out the next branch all your
stuff is gonna be wiped away anyway so
you can put whatever you want in here.
Whatever you want in here.
I like Twix!
Don't put that in your readme's for
your libraries,
I mean, you can, I guess,
make it a badge, I don't know.
So yeah, readme, like I said, we'll
talk about that a little bit more later.
And then we'll create another
new file called license.
This one doesn't need to be in markdown or
anything,
because you're basically just gonna
be copy pasting from somewhere else.
And so I have a generator where I use to
create all my libraries and I recommend
that if you're gonna be creating
a lot of the same types of projects.
Whether it be libraries or applications or
something you create something like
a Yeoman generator or something.
To automatically like scaffold out
everything for you, most of the stuff
that we're gonna be talking about today,
you can scaffold with a generator.
But yeah, to get the license,
I just go to opensource.org and
go to licenses and standards,
licence by name, MIT.
I grab that one and copy this.
>> Kent C. Dodds: So again,
that's opensource.org/licenses/mit.
You could also probably just Google for
it and it'd be pretty simple to find.
And then you can just swap out
the year with the current year and
copyright holders with your name.
>> Kent C. Dodds: And that is the license
and then finally the code of conduct.
I make that a markdown file but that one,
I'm mostly having you do this so
that you can like.
Not because I don't think you can do it on
your own, but because I think it's helpful
for you to see how I find good
documentation for this kind of thing.
So there are a couple of
good codes of conduct.
You could probably just search
open source code of conduct and
find a couple of good ones.
Let's see, yep, Contributor Covenant
is right there at number three.
The TODO Group has an open
code of conduct as well.
So there are a couple that you
could adopt in your own projects.
I prefer the Contributor Covenant.
There is a markdown version of this one,
that is at contributor-covenant.org.
And if you scroll down to
the English markdown version then
you can copy this and
paste it in your contributor covenant.
There's one place you need to update and
that is in the enforcement section,
there's whoops,
insert email address right here.
You put your email or
wherever you want to have people contact
code of conduct issues so
I'll say kent@doddsfamily.us.
And then we've got our code of conduct.
And that's it your project should
look something like this now.
If it doesn't, it's okay.
We're gonna be checking
out the next branch.
So, I should have mentioned at
the beginning, we all learn differently.
Some of us learn better
by following along and
some of us learn better by just kind of
observing and then implementing later.
There will be some parts of this
workshop where I'll stop and
let you do just work through stuff and
that kind of thing.
But lots of this is setting up tooling and
knowing exactly what APIs look like and
stuff.
So yeah,
there will be a little of everything here.
>> Speaker 2: Can I ask a few questions?
>> Kent C. Dodds: Sure.
>> Speaker 2: And maybe you're going
to go over this later but when
we clone these, the skip,
the repo that you have.
We bring in all the files that are,
of course, on Github.
Then if we go into that directory and
run this npm setup
run setup processors, it seems to
remove everything from that directory.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Am I seeing that right?
>> Kent C. Dodds: Yeah, so the Master
branch of this project is actually a real
project that's out there and
published to NPM already.
So what I did was, so that we could
build this thing from scratch,
I branched off of master and
I just deleted everything.
Created the first branch and then slowly
added it through the rest of the branches.
So that's why you don't
have anything right now.
>> Speaker 2: And then the next question,
so you put up two websites that we're
gonna use for our continuous
integration and something else.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: And
I can use my github account to login.
Should I be working your project and then
cloning it from my github account instead?
>> Kent C. Dodds: Yeah good question,
we're gonna fork eventually for sure.
Yep good question, that is coming.
Okay sweet, any other questions?
Okay, I think I'm gonna do something
here with you chat folks because you're
a little bit behind on this live feed.
When I am ready to accept questions or
whatever,
you can ask questions at any time.
But when I'm waiting for questions, I'm
just gonna type question mark in the chat,
and you can start asking questions,
if you have any.
That way, we don't have to worry about
the time delay with the live feed.
So Ivan is asking, I've seen so
many projects with the license repeated
in the heading of each source file.
Is this a good practice,
should it be used as default?
Ivan, that's a good point,
I've also seen that.
I don't know enough about licenses to
know whether that's required by certain
licenses or if that's, yeah, if that's
necessarily a good practice or not.
That's a good question to
take to Google or maybe,
in particular, some of the libraries
that you've seen do that.
I know that Web pack does this,
and React does this, so
you could ask them, maybe,
why they're doing that.
Good question and if you find out,
Ivan, let us know, I'd be interested.
And Brett is asking, what is the dash
f switch on the git checkout?
Yeah, I forgot to mention that,
so thanks Brett.
Right here is how we're gonna
keep up with each other.
Once we're finished with this exercise,
you check out this branch, and
it's gonna get us all back up to the same
baseline, so that nobody falls behind.
And so the -f just blows
away all of your changes.
I know that you're working hard on this,
and
it probably feels demoralizing to lose
all the stuff that you've worked on.
And so
if you don't wanna check out branches and
you wanna make sure you're
following along, you can try that.
But this is a nice safety net for you,
so I'm actually gonna do that right now.
And, yep, still have the code of conduct,
the license, and
the readme, although it doesn't
say I like Twix anymore, so, yeah.